DOCSP-34718: unpack arrays tutorial (#838)
mongodb/docs-node: source/aggregation-tutorials/unpack-arrays.txt

.. _node-aggregation-arrays:

=======================
Unpack Arrays and Group
=======================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: tutorial

.. meta::
   :keywords: code example, node.js, analyze, array

Introduction
------------

In this tutorial, you can learn how to use the {+driver-short+} to
construct an aggregation pipeline, perform the
aggregation on a collection, and print the results by completing and
running a sample app. This aggregation performs the following operations:

> - Unwind an array field into separate documents
> - Matches a subset of documents by a field value
> - Groups documents by common field values
> - Adds computed fields to each result document

Reviewer: Issue: Make these parallel

```suggestion
- Unwind an array field into separate documents
- Match a subset of documents by a field value
- Group documents by common field values
- Add computed fields to each result document
```

Reviewer: Suggestion: If there is reference documentation for these operations, link those pages here. I didn't see anything specific to this driver, but maybe in the server manual?

Author: The specific aggregation operators are linked in the tutorial steps, this section in the introduction is just a high level plan language explanation of the tutorial!
